README.md, before:

# A2A Agent Template

A minimal template for building [A2A (Agent-to-Agent)](https://a2a-protocol.org/latest/) green agents compatible with the [AgentBeats](https://agentbeats.dev) platform.

## Project Structure

```
src/
├─ server.py      # Server setup and agent card configuration
├─ executor.py    # A2A request handling
├─ agent.py       # Your agent implementation goes here
└─ messenger.py   # A2A messaging utilities
tests/
└─ test_agent.py  # Agent tests
Dockerfile        # Docker configuration
pyproject.toml    # Python dependencies
.github/
└─ workflows/
   └─ test-and-publish.yml # CI workflow
```

## Getting Started

1. **Create your repository** - Click "Use this template" to create your own repository from this template

2. **Implement your agent** - Add your agent logic to [`src/agent.py`](src/agent.py)

3. **Configure your agent card** - Fill in your agent's metadata (name, skills, description) in [`src/server.py`](src/server.py)

4. **Write your tests** - Add custom tests for your agent in [`tests/test_agent.py`](tests/test_agent.py)

For a concrete example of implementing a green agent using this template, see this [draft PR](https://github.com/RDI-Foundation/green-agent-template/pull/3).

## Running Locally

```bash
# Install dependencies
uv sync

# Run the server
uv run src/server.py
```

## Assessment Runner

This repo includes `send_assessment.py` to trigger the green → purple evaluation.

```bash
export FINRA_CLIENT_ID="..."
export FINRA_CLIENT_SECRET="..."

python send_assessment.py \
  --green-url http://127.0.0.1:9009 \
  --purple-url http://127.0.0.1:9010 \
  --target-month 5 \
  --sample-size 10 \
  --http-timeout 180
```

Note: the purple agent can optionally use an MCP server for FINRA lookups. If so,
set `MCP_SERVER_COMMAND` on the purple runtime (see PurpleAgentWitty README).

## Make Targets

```bash
make run
make send
make docker-build
make docker-run
```

## Running with Docker

```bash
# Build the image
docker build -t my-agent .

# Run the container
docker run -p 9009:9009 my-agent --host 0.0.0.0 --port 9009
```

## Testing

Run A2A conformance tests against your agent.

```bash
# Install test dependencies
uv sync --extra test

# Start your agent (uv or docker; see above)

# Run tests against your running agent URL
uv run pytest --agent-url http://localhost:9009
```

## Publishing

The repository includes a GitHub Actions workflow that automatically builds, tests, and publishes a Docker image of your agent to GitHub Container Registry.

If your agent needs API keys or other secrets, add them in Settings → Secrets and variables → Actions → Repository secrets. They'll be available as environment variables during CI tests.

- **Push to `main`** → publishes `latest` tag:
```
ghcr.io/<your-username>/<your-repo-name>:latest
```

- **Create a git tag** (e.g. `git tag v1.0.0 && git push origin v1.0.0`) → publishes version tags:
```
ghcr.io/<your-username>/<your-repo-name>:1.0.0
ghcr.io/<your-username>/<your-repo-name>:1
```

Once the workflow completes, find your Docker image in the Packages section (right sidebar of your repository). Configure the package visibility in package settings.

> **Note:** Organization repositories may need package write permissions enabled manually (Settings → Actions → General). Version tags must follow [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) (e.g., `v1.0.0`).

Commit message:

Add SP500 symbols CSV and update defaults

README.md, after:

# A2A Agent Template

A minimal template for building [A2A (Agent-to-Agent)](https://a2a-protocol.org/latest/) green agents compatible with the [AgentBeats](https://agentbeats.dev) platform.

## Project Structure

```
src/
├─ server.py      # Server setup and agent card configuration
├─ executor.py    # A2A request handling
├─ agent.py       # Your agent implementation goes here
└─ messenger.py   # A2A messaging utilities
tests/
└─ test_agent.py  # Agent tests
Dockerfile        # Docker configuration
pyproject.toml    # Python dependencies
.github/
└─ workflows/
   └─ test-and-publish.yml # CI workflow
```

## Getting Started

1. **Create your repository** - Click "Use this template" to create your own repository from this template

2. **Implement your agent** - Add your agent logic to [`src/agent.py`](src/agent.py)

3. **Configure your agent card** - Fill in your agent's metadata (name, skills, description) in [`src/server.py`](src/server.py)

4. **Write your tests** - Add custom tests for your agent in [`tests/test_agent.py`](tests/test_agent.py)

For a concrete example of implementing a green agent using this template, see this [draft PR](https://github.com/RDI-Foundation/green-agent-template/pull/3).

## Running Locally

```bash
# Install dependencies
uv sync

# Run the server
uv run src/server.py
```

## Assessment Runner

This repo includes `send_assessment.py` to trigger the green → purple evaluation.

```bash
export FINRA_CLIENT_ID="..."
export FINRA_CLIENT_SECRET="..."

python send_assessment.py \
  --green-url http://127.0.0.1:9009 \
  --purple-url http://127.0.0.1:9010 \
  --target-month 5 \
  --sample-size 10 \
  --http-timeout 180
```

By default, `send_assessment.py` reads symbols from `SP500symbols.csv` in the repo
root. Override with `--symbols-csv` or pass `--symbols`.

Note: the purple agent can optionally use an MCP server for FINRA lookups. If so,
set `MCP_SERVER_COMMAND` on the purple runtime (see PurpleAgentWitty README).

## Make Targets

```bash
make run
make send
make docker-build
make docker-run
```

## Running with Docker

```bash
# Build the image
docker build -t my-agent .

# Run the container
docker run -p 9009:9009 my-agent --host 0.0.0.0 --port 9009
```

## Testing

Run A2A conformance tests against your agent.

```bash
# Install test dependencies
uv sync --extra test

# Start your agent (uv or docker; see above)

# Run tests against your running agent URL
uv run pytest --agent-url http://localhost:9009
```

## Publishing

The repository includes a GitHub Actions workflow that automatically builds, tests, and publishes a Docker image of your agent to GitHub Container Registry.

If your agent needs API keys or other secrets, add them in Settings → Secrets and variables → Actions → Repository secrets. They'll be available as environment variables during CI tests.

- **Push to `main`** → publishes `latest` tag:
```
ghcr.io/<your-username>/<your-repo-name>:latest
```

- **Create a git tag** (e.g. `git tag v1.0.0 && git push origin v1.0.0`) → publishes version tags:
```
ghcr.io/<your-username>/<your-repo-name>:1.0.0
ghcr.io/<your-username>/<your-repo-name>:1
```

Once the workflow completes, find your Docker image in the Packages section (right sidebar of your repository). Configure the package visibility in package settings.

> **Note:** Organization repositories may need package write permissions enabled manually (Settings → Actions → General). Version tags must follow [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) (e.g., `v1.0.0`).
